ready bill ready ted one
two one two three four
[Music]
pretty much every actor who could play
18 years old audition reeves and i had
read together earlier
and then kind of got broken apart and
brought back together again it was all
about the chemistry alex and keanu were
always there
talking i mean they're funny
they're good characters and weirdly we
had the same thing on this
with bridgette and samara i shadowed
keon
for the last year i was there in the
kitchen i was there in the bathroom i
was there at work
they're very passionate and they're very
passionate about music they live in a
bubble of music but they
really know their tunes they're
described as iconoclasts they feel like
our kids in that way when we got them
together
it was like deja vu dude our dads are
totally in trouble we should help them
out this movie really delivers it's such
a heartwarming story
audiences are going to lose their minds
it is imperative that you write the song
that will unite the entire world
and save reality oh wait is that new
[Music]
you